I'm mark and about Don's last of my deer
hunt and in the interest of
self-preservation
my wife was saying fifty pounds of meat
is a lot better than nothing so stop
trying to shoot a big butt I'll be sure
to shut my mouth a few days ago I
stopped telling her how many small bucks
I'd been seeing it I think this is a
14th or 15th spike corn or two point
I've seen I've seen four big bucks shot
at one he was running her in the heavy
timber it real hard to approach so I
missed there's a lot more area around
him then then there is dead
but they got feeling a little foolish
too
I've been walking around in this heavy
timber hunting these deer with a 300
Magnum would have scope and I got my
rangefinder on my belt and you can't get
a shot over a hundred yards
so I started leaving at home and I can
take extra water for the weight of it
and here's another reason why you
shouldn't be carrying the 300 that right
there is the entrance wound he was kind
of jogging away and as you can see it
took out about four ribs and exited on
first shoulder as it burns 168 grain
vortex loads all he did he doll I saw
his feet he just went right down boom
and the elk I shot last year with those
boar text loads he went about two feet
fella fell over and kicked his feet in
years I'm pretty happy with those loads
I probably should have brought the 30.6
I got some some of those loads for that
230 house 6 with a receiver sight would
have been perfect for what I was doing
maybe I would have hit that big buck and
there's his little head little spike
horn but then again praise the Lord
we've got got more me
and our neighbors are not doing as well
as they used to
we live in a 55 plus neighborhoods so
and fixed incomes and some of them are
real tolerant about eating venison now
and they did not used to be so try to
bless some people with that and oh yeah
here's my here's my implement little
CRKT knife crawford design point guard s
metal 3-inch knife and so far cutting
them all up with that got to get the saw
now cut him in half from bags that'll be
about it
guess I'll go home tomorrow morning me
nor that deer will have to suffer any
longer yeah we'll see you later